README.md, before:

# fast-graphql-mock
**fast-graphql-mock** is a tiny library for mocking GraphQL server using only schema file.
Under the hood it uses ApolloServer and graphql-import library.

## Installation
### Locally
Using yarn:

`yarn add fast-graphql-mock`


or npm:

`npm install fast-graphql-mock`


### Globally
yarn:

`yarn global add fast-graphql-mock`


npm:

`npm install -g fast-graphql-mock`

## Usage
To mock a schema just run the application with node.
```shell
fast-graphql-mock
```

By default it looks for schema file with name of `schema.graphql` in current location.
To change this behavior use `-f` or `--file` flag.
```shell
fast-graphql-mock -f othername.graphql
```

Default port is set to 4000. If you want to change it just use `p` or `--port` flag.
```shell
fast-graphql-mock -p 3000
```

## Why?
Code inside this library is really short (what can't be said about it's dependencies),
however I wanted to make something what can make my workflow faster by avoiding need to create
mock every time I am working on app using GraphQL.

Commit message:

Describe new functions in readme (#15)

README.md, after:

# fast-graphql-mock
**fast-graphql-mock** is a tiny library for mocking GraphQL server using only schema file.
Under the hood it uses ApolloServer and graphql-import library.

## Installation
### Locally
Using yarn:

`yarn add fast-graphql-mock`


or npm:

`npm install fast-graphql-mock`


### Globally
yarn:

`yarn global add fast-graphql-mock`


npm:

`npm install -g fast-graphql-mock`

## Usage

### As CLI
To mock a schema just run the application with node.
```shell
fast-graphql-mock
```

By default it looks for schema file with name of `schema.graphql` in current location.
To change this behavior use `-f` or `--file` flag.
```shell
fast-graphql-mock -f othername.graphql
```

Default port is set to 4000. If you want to change it just use `p` or `--port` flag.
```shell
fast-graphql-mock -p 3000
```

### As separate library
**fast-graphql-mock** exports following functions:



`mockSchema`- makes schema file executable and adds mock functions to it


`createMockServer`- returns ApolloServer instance from given mockedSchema and adds resolvers mocked using faker.js library


`startMockServer`- starts given ApolloServer instance on given port


### Example
The simplest example of usage of this library:
```javascript
const schema = mockSchema('schema.graphql')
const server = createMockServer(schema)
startMockServer(server, 3000)
```


## Why?
Code inside this library is really short (what can't be said about it's dependencies),
however I wanted to make something what can make my workflow faster by avoiding need to create
mock every time I am working on app using GraphQL.
